get secret from master based on user/password auth (#76)
jenkinsci/docker-inbound-agent: README.md

* `JENKINS_URL`: url for the Jenkins server, can be used as a replacement to `-url` option, or to set alternate jenkins URL
* `JENKINS_TUNNEL`: (`HOST:PORT`) connect to this agent host and port instead of Jenkins server, assuming this one do route TCP traffic to Jenkins master. Useful when when Jenkins runs behind a load balancer, reverse proxy, etc.
* `JENKINS_SECRET`: agent secret, if not set as an argument (mutually exclusive to `JENKINS_USERNAME` and `JENKINS_PASSWORD`)
* `JENKINS_USERNAME`: username to authenticate to master (used to dynamicly get the secret from master)

> * `JENKINS_PASSWORD`: password to authenticate to master (used to dynamicly get the secret from master)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `JENKINS_PASSWORD`: password or API token to authenticate to master (used to dynamically get the secret from master)
```

Author: Updated as suggested.
